(INTRO START)
Once upon a time there was a girl named Jennie who lived in Madison. She attended University of Wisconsin-Madison and it was her first year. 
Jennie really enjoyed her first year so far; she expected college to be super intimidating because her teachers portrayed professors as very strict individuals, but to her pleasant surprise all of her professors were pretty friendly!
Jennie made a lot of new friends in the span of the first week and she had a lot of fun exploring the campus with them - everyday there was a new surprise for her friend group! 
She especially enjoyed taking walks on State Street and visiting Mem U to get the best ice cream. 
Until the biggest surprise hit them on a pleasant spring day .... hearing that they will have to go home for the rest of the semester because of Covid-19 :( 
(INTRO END)

(MIDDLE START)
Jennie was pretty upset to have to go back home when she finally got so used to university life. The day to say goodbye to her friends came, 2 months earlier than expected, and she embraced everyone one of them before leaving hoem.
The road was long but Jennie and her dad managed to make it back to her small town she grew up in before midnight that day. She took her bags back to her bedroom and just went to bed deciding to unpack the next morning.
Jennie's first week back home was also spring break and due to the lockdown she had little to do and so she tried to keep incontact with her friend group. 
Spring break while uneventful went by quickly and classes started again. Most of Jennie's classes opted to present pre recorded lectures that the students can view any time they like.
While at first it seemed to be pretty convenient to have lectures available at any time Jennie quickly realised that if she wasn't careful lectures can pile up fast.
Being at home was not the best motivational environment to work at her best ans so she needed a plan to not fall behind.
(MIDDLE END)

(END START)
What she thought would only last until the end of the school year, ended up lasting the whole summer and even the next semester. Covid spread across the world and it caused a global pandemic. It was crazy to think that Jennie thought that this was just a regular virus and people were just making a big deal out of it. Covid was actually killing many people. And to make things worse, some people were not taking it seriously, causing more spread. Jennie did not know when Covid was going to end, and there were so many unanswered questions. Will she have to do the rest of college online? Will she never see her friends again? Will the world end!? Jennie hoped this was all a dream, but no matter how many times she pinched herself to wake up from this "dream" she realized this was all real. Jennie was slowly forgetting what it was like to wake on State Street with her friends or eat ice-cream at Mem U. The only think Jennie could do was reminisce the good old days before Covid entered the world. 
(END END)

During Jennie's Fall 2020 semester, she got better at keeping up to date with her online lectures. It was really hard because she still really wanted to just put them
to the side, but she knew if she wanted to get through the semester, that she had to stay up to date with her work. She wrote a schedule each week for what she needed
to do and what time she needed to do it at. There were times that she got really depressed and struggled to keep up to date with her schedule, but she managed. She 
made it to the end of the semester and through finals week and was releaved to finally have some time to relax over winter break. While she was with her family, she 
did her best to enjoy the holidays and try not to stress about how the next semester was going to play out.
